README.md, before:

# kottans-frontend

 ## Stage 0. Self-Study

<details>
<summary> General</summary> 

- [x] 0.Git Basics
- [x] 1.Linux CLI and Networking
- [x] 2.Git Collaboration

</details>


<details>
<summary> Front-End Basics</summary> 

- [x] 3.Intro to HTML & CSS
- [ ] 4.Responsive Web Design
- [ ] 5.HTML & CSS Practice
- [ ] 6.JavaScript Basics
- [ ] 7.Document Object Model 

</details>

<details>
<summary> Advanced Topics</summary> 

- [ ] 8.Building a Tiny JS World (pre-OOP)
- [ ] 9.Object oriented JS 
- [ ] 10.OOP exercise 
- [ ] 11.Offline Web Applications 
- [ ] 12.Memory pair game 
- [ ] 13.Website Performance Optimization 
- [ ] 14.Friends App 

</details>

---
 ## General:
 ---
## 1.Linux CLI, and HTTP

<details>
<summary>Task Linux CLI</summary> 

![screen-01](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_1.jpg)
![screen-02](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_2.jpg)
![screen-03](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_3.jpg)
![screen-04](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_4.jpg)

</details>

Before start learning this module I knew and even used some Linux commands but definitely [Linux Survival](https://linuxsurvival.com/linux-tutorial-introduction/) helped me improve my skills and I hope this tutorial will help me in the future.
As for HTTP part I guess it's not a suitable article for beginners. Too literal translate, too much parentheses, in a word too complicated IMHO. I think there are some another good material in the net.


## 2.Git Collaboration

<details>
<summary>Learn Git Branching</summary> 

![screen-01](task_git_collaboration/Learn-Git-Branching.jpg)
![screen-02](task_git_collaboration/Learn-Git-Branching2.jpg)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Introduction to Git and GitHub: week 3, week 4</summary> 

![screen-01](task_git_collaboration/Coursera-Git-Week3.jpg)
![screen-02](task_git_collaboration/Coursera-Git-Week4.jpg)

</details>

Honestly, I used git and Github before, but as I now understand it was easiest flow with simpliest commands such git add, git commit and git push. Now I clearly see what I need to improve. I had trubles with understanding of rebase, changes commits and even difference between git fetch and git pull. So, I have a lot to do in this way. Most important thing I'v learned from this task-I need more practice!


## 3.Intro to HTML and CSS

<details>
<summary>Introduction to Responsive Design: week 1, week 2</summary> 

![screen-01](task_html_css_intro/intro-to-responsive-design-week1.jpg)
![screen-02](task_html_css_intro/intro-to-responsive-design-week2.jpg)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Learn HTML&CSS</summary> 

![screen-01](task_html_css_intro/codecademy-html-css.jpg)

</details>

Already have some expirience with HTML and CSS, despite this I learned something new. For example, that not all html tags have dafault property of positioning as static)). 
After all, guess it was usefull to refresh my knowledge.

Commit message:

feat: finish task responsive web design, update README.md

README.md, after:

# kottans-frontend

 ## Stage 0. Self-Study

<details>
<summary> General</summary> 

- [x] 0.Git Basics
- [x] 1.Linux CLI and Networking
- [x] 2.Git Collaboration

</details>


<details>
<summary> Front-End Basics</summary> 

- [x] 3.Intro to HTML & CSS
- [x] 4.Responsive Web Design
- [ ] 5.HTML & CSS Practice
- [ ] 6.JavaScript Basics
- [ ] 7.Document Object Model 

</details>

<details>
<summary> Advanced Topics</summary> 

- [ ] 8.Building a Tiny JS World (pre-OOP)
- [ ] 9.Object oriented JS 
- [ ] 10.OOP exercise 
- [ ] 11.Offline Web Applications 
- [ ] 12.Memory pair game 
- [ ] 13.Website Performance Optimization 
- [ ] 14.Friends App 

</details>

---
 ## General:
 ---
## 1.Linux CLI, and HTTP

<details>
<summary>Task Linux CLI</summary> 

![screen-01](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_1.jpg)
![screen-02](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_2.jpg)
![screen-03](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_3.jpg)
![screen-04](task_linux_cli/Linux_Tutorial_Quiz_4.jpg)

</details>

Before start learning this module I knew and even used some Linux commands but definitely [Linux Survival](https://linuxsurvival.com/linux-tutorial-introduction/) helped me improve my skills and I hope this tutorial will help me in the future.
As for HTTP part I guess it's not a suitable article for beginners. Too literal translate, too much parentheses, in a word too complicated IMHO. I think there are some another good material in the net.


## 2.Git Collaboration

<details>
<summary>Learn Git Branching</summary> 

![screen-01](task_git_collaboration/Learn-Git-Branching.jpg)
![screen-02](task_git_collaboration/Learn-Git-Branching2.jpg)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Introduction to Git and GitHub: week 3, week 4</summary> 

![screen-01](task_git_collaboration/Coursera-Git-Week3.jpg)
![screen-02](task_git_collaboration/Coursera-Git-Week4.jpg)

</details>

Honestly, I used git and Github before, but as I now understand it was easiest flow with simpliest commands such git add, git commit and git push. Now I clearly see what I need to improve. I had trubles with understanding of rebase, changes commits and even difference between git fetch and git pull. So, I have a lot to do in this way. Most important thing I'v learned from this task-I need more practice!


## 3.Intro to HTML and CSS

<details>
<summary>Introduction to Responsive Design: week 1, week 2</summary> 

![screen-01](task_html_css_intro/intro-to-responsive-design-week1.jpg)
![screen-02](task_html_css_intro/intro-to-responsive-design-week2.jpg)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Learn HTML&CSS</summary> 

![screen-01](task_html_css_intro/codecademy-html-css.jpg)

</details>

Already have some expirience with HTML and CSS, despite this I learned something new. For example, that not all html tags have dafault property of positioning as static)). 
After all, guess it was usefull to refresh my knowledge.

## 4.Responsive Web Design

<details>
<summary>Flexbox Froggy&Grid Garden</summary> 

![screen-01](task_responsive_web_design/flexbox-froggy.jpg)
![screen-02](task_responsive_web_design/grid-garden.jpg)

</details>

Had some fun playing Froggy and Grid Garden. All task were pretty easy except last level in Flexbox Froggy, I forgot about wrap-reverse property and level 26 in Grid Garden. Had to look solution in the net). As for Eugen Andrikanych's Youtube channel, I guess every FrontEnd begginer have to subscribe and use this information to improve skills and knowledge. Awesome guy!
